This mod doesn't really do anything directly useful; it was just an
itch I wanted scratched.

A few gamers may remember Bungie's amazing "Myth: The Fallen Lords"
back in the mid-90s, which set the bar for small unit fantasy tactical
combat (and a wonderful backstory/voiceover "feel" which imho has yet
to be matched in any game since).

Anyway, one of its well-done (albeit depressing) features was that
whenever one of your units died, rather than either glossing over it
or dwelling on it, a neutral voiceover voice would just say
"Casualty."  And in a big battle where you were sweating bullets and
your troops were dying in large numbers, having this horribly neutral
voice chanting "Casualty.  Casualties.  Casualty." was both maddening
and yet energizing.  It added something.

Anyway, for no good reason I decided I wanted that in WoW, so I coded
up this little mod.  It's horribly incomplete (for one thing, it
triggers when pets die, which I should fix, and may trigger on other
things) but it did what I wanted, so I thought I'd share it.  If I
have time and anyone in the universe wants it to do more, I may add
more flexible announcements, integration with SCT so you get a message
zipping up the screen with the name of who died, etc.  But right now,
with its basic "casualty" message, it does what I wanted.

Note: What you have for a sound sample is me and a microphone, since
the actual sound samples from Myth are not free for public
distribution, so feel free to go through the trouble of replacing them
if you wish.